[http4s] add onError method (#1755)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/resources/markdown/03-protocols/04-simple-rest-json/02-server.md

}.resource
```

> An addition there is an `onError` method that installs a routine to run upon all errors that occur along the path, whether defined in Smithy or not. This will also run on errors that have been raised in middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, there is an `onError` method that installs a routine to run upon all errors that occur along the path, whether defined in Smithy or not. This will also run on errors that have been raised in smithy4s middleware.
```

> Additionally, there is an `onError` method that installs a routine to run upon all errors that occur along the path, whether defined in Smithy or not. This will also run on errors that have been raised in smithy4s middleware.

Reviewer 2: **issue:** 

>This will also run on errors that have been raised in smithy4s middleware

this doesn't seem to be the case anymore

> An addition there is a `onError` method available to allow one to install a routine to run upon all errors that occur along the path ,whether defined in Smithy or not . This will also run on errors that hav e been raised in middleware.

Reviewer 2: **issue:** 
```suggestion
An addition there is an `onError` method that installs a routine to run upon all errors that occur along the path, whether defined in Smithy or not. This will also run on errors that have been raised in middleware.
```

```scala
myRoutes.onError{

>   case e:PayloadError => IO.println(s"unhandled error logged ${e.getMessage}")

Reviewer 2: **nitpick:** 
```suggestion
  case e: PayloadError => IO.println(s"unhandled error logged ${e.getMessage}")
```
